                    Paper Discussion - (CAT-01) Slot D1+TD1

Question-01: what is the second pointer used in twopointer technique while segregating even and odd nodes?
Ans: (option 3) It is used to make note of last even node encountered.

Question-02: which linked list types is not suitable for segregating even and odd nodes?
Ans: (option 4) Bitonic linked List.

Question-03: In celebrity problem which data structure is most efficient?
Ans: (option 2) Stack.

Question-04: Why does celebrity problem require only O(n) time complexity?
Ans: (option 1) Elemination of impossible candidates in each step.

Question-05: Which step of sorting Bitonic doubly linked list involves find the bitionic point?
Ans: (option 4) Traverse th elist to find the transision from increasing to decreasing

Question-06: which is the peak elemnt mean?
Ans: (option 3) The transision point from increasing to decreasing order

Question-07: Which datastructure is the most efficient to solve stock span?
Ans: (option 2) Stack

Question-08: Worst time complexity for stock span?
Ans: O(n)

Question-09: which sorting algorithm does not use extraspace and time complexity is O(n^2)?
Ans: (option 2) Bubble sort

Question-10: In mergesort what is use of fast.next!=null && fast.next.next!=null in the 'WHILE' condition what if 
they didn't work properly?
Ans:  (option 4) The algorithm may run into a null pointer exception or segmetation fault.

Question-11: In which statck the minimum element will be stored when using additional stack approach?
Ans: (option 1) The head of the minimum stack is the minimum element.

Question-12: What is the best case space complextiy for queue with out space 
Ans: (option 2) O(1)

Question-13: Which is not a valid stack permuation for sequence [7,6,8]?
opitons: (a)8,6,7 (b)6,7,8 (c)8,7,6 (d)7,6,8
Ans: opition: (c)

Question-14: Which of the following can be performed in constant time on a singly linked list?
Ans: (opition a) deletion from the begining.

Question-15: What is the minimum moves required to solve with 7 disks
Ans: (opition a) 127

Question-16: which approach is most efficient for solving the towers of hanoi effectively?
Ans: (opition a) Divide and conquer

Question-17: Which of the not an advantage of a priority queue?
Ans: (option d) Easy to delete elements in any case.

Question-18: Which of the following to detect a loop in a linked list?
Ans: (option b) Floyd's cycle algorithm

Question-19: what is advantage of doubly linked in implementing priority queue over an array?
Ans: (opition b) Easier traversal

Question-20: What is the main difference when performing merge sort
Ans: (opition d) Double traversal

                Coding Questions

1.) Merge Sort using doubly linked list (s/w company).
2.) Sorting without extra space (cinema tickets).
3.) Balanced paranthesis (Text editor).
4.) Based on queue (Round Robin Algorithm) (3D printing company).
